#  Penalty Calculation
 In this assignment you are expected to develop an ASP.Net web application which calculates penalty  for late returned books in a library system. Requirements 1) Develop a web page on which users will input a. Date the book is checked out. b. Date the book is returned. c. Country selection (at least 2 different countries) d. Calculate button 2) The web page should display a. Calculated Business Days b. Calculated penalty for the inputs. 3) Penalty should be calculated for BUSINESS days only between the checkout and returned days  of the book. The checkout and return dates are inclusive. a. It should consider weekends and national holidays/religious holidays defined in  tables in database for a specific country. b. Note that some countries have different working days and weekends. For example in  Dubai Friday and Saturday are off days. However in Turkey Saturday and Sunday are  off days. c. Your code should not have these assumptions hardcoded but they must be in  configurations. The configuration should be kept in a database table.  d. Do not provide a screen to edit these values in the database. Manual editing of these  values is sufficient. e. You should develop your own algorithm for business day count. • Hint: Try to use DayOfWeek enumeration of .Net for weekends. 4) A book should be returned in 10 days. Any business day after 10 days will be considered as a  late day.  a. Each late business day will be penalized for 5.00 $ (or currency code of country) b. The currency code and the amount is country specific.  c. Penalty amount should be a decimal value to accommodate for cents and fills and etc. 5) Any monetary value you display on the screen should have proper formatting Notes • Do not make OVERDESIGN. The requirements are very simple and stated above. You will  not receive extra points for making extra screens like login, user management, library  management, book management etc. Please obey the requirements.  • We will grade your code by its quality. Try to use comments, exceptions, validations, and  configuration parameters with readable code as much as possible. Avoid magic numbers and  lengthy procedures in code.
